---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vcd-object-storage-ext_bucket Resource - terraform-provider-vcd-object-storage-ext"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A bucket is a container for storing objects in a compartment within an Object Storage namespace.
---

# vcd-object-storage-ext_bucket (Resource)

A bucket is a container for storing objects in a compartment within an Object Storage namespace.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The bucket name. It must be URL encoded.

### Optional

- `acl` (Block List) Access control lists (ACLs) enable you to manage access to buckets and objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--acl))
- `canned_acl` (String) The ACL of the bucket using the specified canned ACL. Valid Values: private | public-read | public-read-write | authenticated-read.
- `cors` (Block List) Cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) defines a way for client web applications that are loaded in one domain to interact with resources in a different domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cors))
- `tag` (Block List) The bucket tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tag))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `acl`

Required:

- `permission` (String) ACL permission. Valid Values: FULL_CONTROL | READ | WRITE | READ_ACP | WRITE_ACP
- `user` (String) ACL users. Valid Values: TENANT | AUTHENTICATED | PUBLIC | SYSTEM-LOGGER


<a id="nestedblock--cors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cors`

Required:

- `allowed_methods` (List of String) In the CORS configuration, you can specify the following values for the allowed_methods element GET | PUT | POST | DELETE | HEAD. Must be a comma separated string
- `allowed_origins` (List of String) In the allowed_origins element, you specify the origins that you want to allow cross-domain requests from. Must be a comma separated string

Optional:

- `allowed_headers` (List of String) The allowed_headers element specifies which headers are allowed in a preflight request through the Access-Control-Request-Headers header. Must be a comma separated string
- `expose_headers` (List of String) Each expose_headers element identifies a header in the response that you want customers to be able to access from their applications (for example, from a JavaScript XMLHttpRequest object). Must be a comma separated string
- `max_age_seconds` (Number) Max age in secods. Default 3600


<a id="nestedblock--tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)
